Syrena yacht a new brand out of Turkey
very experienced builder is still a
large number of Italian boats on
contract now they come out with their
own new brand and I got to tell you it's
all about volume run the enormous flying
bridge that's a huge galley we've got a
shower station a sunning station a
dining station a station for the
bartender even a helm station the hull
is a product of the harem on prayers
design in the studio and it's optimized
both for planing speeds up to 27 knots
and semi displacement seats 9 to 10
knots which can give you a range of
1,200 nautical miles what I really like
on the main deck here not just the helm
station but the galley front center not
only does the interior have a lot of
volume but it's an ultra modern look by
Tomaso steadily need all three cabins
have ensuite heads including the super
yacht style master which is full beam
you know profile and volume side there's
one more station that I forgot to tell
you about and it's not the anchoring
station you want to read some more about
this boat to check out my review
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters